before i begin let me stop by saying
happy birthday rodzo enjoy this gift
from your amazingness
the stars of our movie today are trey
mcdougall
captain picard and sting
play our story begins with this lady
telling us a bunch of backstory about
this desert planet with spice on it that
makes people live forever and fly
through space real good
and the only place you can find the
spices on the one desert planet we're
talking about
the plant is called our rackets which
sort of sounds like a prescription
medication for restless leg syndrome so
let's just call it doom
then this big testicle tells the ruler
of everything how they need to kill the
main character
and we ain't even met him yet because
what they all want is this gigantic worm
lava fungus derivative drugs by sh
but our story really begins on this
planet called caledon with our hero
paula tradies who was born with voodoo
powers and taught how to fight since he
was little by professor xavier in these
futuristic cardboard boxes
then after a little training he goes to
talk to his daddy who says
look paul everything the water touches
is our kingdom
then these witchy ladies show up and
burn paul's damn hand off to see how
much pain he can handle and should talk
a bunch of cryptic [ __ ] about how her
order's been waiting for a big strong
man to do something they're afraid to do
and how maybe he's the pimp they've been
waiting for then we see these weirdos
the harkonnens who represent greed and
gluttony and look like they smell like
butt
talking about how they want to kill
paul's daddy but if they do what's gonna
happen to paul's daddy's pooch
then after this other floating testicle
warp space to teleport the family
it's off to tatooine but this place is
dry so drive
they meet this blue eyed framing bit who
tells them that their new suits are made
to catch your sweat and breath so it can
filter it
and you can be your own water bottle
wonder what they do with your pee pee
and then that's holes invade and they
kill paul's friend and they kill paul's
daddy and don't worry if a cop saved the
dog
and paul and his mama escaped with their
voodoo powers and paul's mama has got a
bun
in the oven well it's definitely hot
enough to make something on this [ __ ]
but they find more freaking fremens and
one of them has really got paul
extra thirsty so now we are friendly
turns out these dusty hobos have had
hidden water under this sandbox all
along
and they're saving it all up for the day
they can open up a spot on the surface
of the planet
probably and then sting in a plastic
thong
not sure how i feel about that so let's
keep going then paul's mama drinks this
magic bug juice to become even smarter
and it
makes all her hair come out and her
daughter gets born and the whole point
of the child is to talk smack and you'll
see what i mean in about 60 seconds
then paul gets some nookie and goes in
front of all his friends family and says
me and my momma are going to teach you
how to fight so we can beat those chunky
monkeys
our plan is that since they're so round
if you poke a hole in them we think that
they'll do that
thing that balloons do when you pop them
so let's get ready to rumble
yeah yeah let's do it yeah make em
thrown out of here
so paul shows everybody how to use voice
magic to kill people
fuss then he decides if he's going to be
a hero he must learn to ride worms
but he don't actually have to learn how
he just gets on top of the damn thing
and high whole silver
and they [ __ ] up for like two years
until they ain't no more spots coming
from that planet
naturally that makes their enemies a
little
salty oh and paul finds professor x and
we all get a little man mister
then paul drinks the magic bug juice
he's the first guy to ever do it and
live
turns out he was the pimp they were
looking for and he looks up at the sky
and yells to mufasa and says
father the sleeper has awakened
that line's just too dope to insult and
then paul's sister goes to the bad guys
and it's like my brother's coming to
whoop y'alls
then they use the worms to break into
the bad guys fortress oh yeah paul got a
whole fleet of them circles
and paul was right his little sister
pops a hole in this rotundo and he just
right another salad pit then paul finds
sting
and he uses a bunch of his magic words
on him like
until sting is stung past tense
now paula's like a peacekeeper of the
universe because it's the overseer of
the only planet with the gigantic worm
lava fungus derivative drug spikes
everyone needs to travel through the
universe so he's like
the manager of the only gas station in
town and at last it rains on tatooine
for the first time ever so the freeman
can open their intergalactic spa
and uncle owen can retire from moisture
farming all i'm saying is
that whole little pug is always in the
middle of the action and i'm just glad
he don't bite it
there till the bitter end like a true
hero
the end thank you kristen for requesting
this for ronzo's birthday
and once again happy birthday rozzo you
got some good tasting movies my friend
enjoy your happy day muffin